Correct documentation about caching buildSrc (#12369)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/running-builds/build_cache.adoc

====

[[sec:build_cache_composite]]
=== Build cache, composite builds and `buildSrc`

Gradle's <<composite_builds.adoc#composite_builds,composite build feature>> allows including other complete Gradle builds into another.
Such included builds will inherit the build cache configuration from the top level build, regardless of whether the included builds define build cache configuration themselves or not.

The build cache configuration present for any included build is effectively ignored, in favour of the top level build's configuration.
This also applies to any `buildSrc` projects of any included builds.

The <<organizing_gradle_projects.adoc#sec:build_sources,`buildSrc` directory>> is treated as an <<composite_builds.adoc#composite_build_intro,included build>> as well.

> Therefore, it inherits the build cache configuration from the top-level build as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <<organizing_gradle_projects.adoc#sec:build_sources,`buildSrc` directory>> is treated as an <<composite_builds.adoc#composite_build_intro,included build>>, and as such it inherits the build cache configuration from the top-level build.
```
